for some a legitimate competition for others a severe case of abuse
animal besides the study of painting extreme sampras with their dogs these
videos have been uploaded to the internet and the strong images have revived a
lit debate
these contributions made
co this video shows how a leg iturraspe with difficulty a cart
loaded with several
hundreds of kilos whipped by a crowd that a policeman despite the
strength that the race possesses the animal can barely advance and even arrival
in slight jumps for the effort
here you can appreciate the moment when they give the game incentivizing it
with a toy although many might think that the animal is suffering
lovers of the types consider it a sport the drag ensure that they arrive
to throw up more than a ton at birth that percent
percent is
voting all of you is to act in tnt energy a patient is nothing else
what's that
However, this video registered in the region of Maule consumed in
anonymous internet does not adhere to the rules stipulated by a call
chilean pit bull federation
that organizes these events
according to your rules
only one person should encourage the dog
he talked about one hundred percent
expression
to invest
give them more in two events
i here clearly for sale we are seeing an uncontrolled dog
after seeing the images of this specialist ensures that the practice
habitual to be harmless and that can cause serious harm to the animal there
there is risk of muscle tear is at risk of exclusion fracture
rib
but it can also be your column
the arrate is just one of a series of tests that aims to measure the strength of
each copy
these images were also uploaded to the internet and would show an event this
type made in talca the year 2010 after presenting the same as in a
beauty contest animals must miss heights close to two meters
i one of the most common tests take care of yourself for several minutes
holding with the bite the weight of his whole body
ambient temperature was resisting the southern denture demanded but also
Is generating
housing in the problem of muscle problems in a level area
temporomandibular clearly here is subjecting it to excessive effort
with this also weighs the aggressiveness to the dog he plays good
football apf and there is no guy scolded him and I know that the pro does not get
more simply release them competencies as they are carried out
in different countries like mexico argentina and spain
according to Chilean law, it could effectively be a case of
animal abuse as the animalists affirm the prosecutor maritza navarrete
knows about timbues at the end of July managed to convict nine individuals who
they made clandestine fights
we already carry these images can we should end up in a concrete case that
animal abuse
if the professional reports specific on-air and two veterinarians on the
case show that the animal at horned subjected under a situation of
unnecessary suffering mestres
but as the video is anonymous it is not possible to trace the goalie to
examine them
in the so-called Chilean federation of pil public although they defend these
practices recognize the risk of carrying them out without safety
necessary baseball is a forum without limits
and if not what if they do not do it in a good way if it is not channeled in a good way
this that can be said from all margins pitbulls are not a race
recognized by and are clear so no one oversees these events although
they are not prohibited either
lazio that allows what for some is animal abuse and for others a
legitimate competition